NAS-101049 intro entry for grub boot loader (again) (#1378)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/intro.rst

* Docker has been removed as a :ref:`Virtual Machines <VMs>` option.

> * Grub boot loader is supported for virtual machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Grub boot loader support has been added for virtual machines that will not boot with other loaders.
```
